file overview video: https://youtu.be/tOEo-sZhomA
Ultimate Tic-Tac-Toe (U3T)
I very much enjoyed making this, though I had my fair share of issues. It happened over two days where I spent too much time on it.
My issue with programing is that I am in 1 of 2 states. The first: Everything is going well, I can clearly understand my current goal and what 
is to be done next. The second: Confused and needing to solve a problem and figure out how/where to continue. The issue is the fact that in both
of these states it is hard to leave the program alone. Either I think "I'm doing well, might as well get more done while it's flowing" or "I need 
to stay and solve this problem right now." Should I leave during the second, the program will consume my mind still. Though it was a sprint, it
was not without thorough thought and much effort. 

I used YouTube to learn the basics of Pygame and setting it up and had to use Shell to install. I did the boring stuff: setting dimensions, importing
some photos, etc. I declare all my global variable up at the top. I did not want to hardcode window dimensions, I wanted to be able to change them
but I was unable to get that working properly.

I first thought of how I'd get a board. I could use a png but I thought it'd be more fun and better practice to draw it myself. I also assumed that
dimensions would be customizable and it'd stop a stretched or pixelated look I'd get from using an image. It would make 81 small squares and 9 big.
The harder part was assigning coordinates and I found that this project would be very dictionary oriented. I didn't want to manually enter 81 boxes,
seemed like the boring way out so I also made this loop dependent. It was fun and interesting because of the naming of the coordinates. To change
the letter for each section, I had to convert the letter to unicode, add 1, then convert it back. That was intersting to learn and implenting it
felt gave satisfaction.

Next I was trying to convert mouse clicks to stamps and placing the mark at the proper spot. I learned to use 'for' and 'in' to locate a key
based off a value. First I'd round the mouse click to match the coordinates of the top left corner of the box it clicked. The I used the 'next'
function, likely discoverd in this context through Stack Overflow, to say "Check every key/value pair in my coordinate dictionary, return the
key if the value matches the rounded mouse coordinates." This is to say if the mouse passed it (100, 200) the string 'A8' would be returned.
I tried to write my matching operation in words to be sure I understand what I repurposed, I don't like adding things I don't understand the
workings of.

The next challenge was placing markers. In itself, it's easy to past an X or an O in the proper box. It took more thinking to write the logic
that would only allow this in specific cases. The square had to be empty and, because of the rules of U3T, it had to be in the section
corresponding to the square of the last move. I had to keep track of the previous move and convert the small box number into the bigger section.
I made a 'Valid Section' function to handle this. This may have been the hardest part of the project. I made it set a 'Section in play'
after each move and managed to get it to work after much trial and a disproportionate ammount of error. I also used dictionaries to keep track
of won sections, section numbers, and the filled status of boxes. UI-wise, I made it so the section in play is highlighted which was its own
function and hassle. I wanted it to be a true highlight rather than a boarder but couldnt get the rectangle redrawing and clearing to work properly.
I instead give the valid section a colored border and redraw the thick lines every move to update the border location. 

Second to last was checking for section wins and then board wins. These weren't to hard. I imagine using matrices at first but instead did what I
imagine to be a slightly more manual version. I would check horizontal, vertical then diagonal and use three different variable to hold box values.
If these boxes were all the same value, it would count as a win. This was the same for board wins except it happens less. Section wins are checked
for after every move and board wins are checked for after a section win.

Finally was the reset button. Not too complicated, but more than I initially thought. I cleared dictionary values, but not the keys. This neglected
the fact that both the keys and values were made together so the dictionaries were not reset, but made longer. Once I identified this as the issue
the rest was pretty simple. I also made it so '!' pastes an image I used when testing image pasting. 

Over the course of the project I also attempted to use the "exec()" function but found it unnecesary for my needs, but I'm interested in working with
it at some point as it seems like it could be very fun to use! I imagine that could be a fun mechanic in some games.

Thank you!

- C.CD
